[thunder crackles]
[light ambient music]
[rain patters]
[gentle music]
[door squeaks]
- Hurry up, Auggie, ugh.
Auggie, hurry it up,
time is short!
- [August] Yeah, I'm coming.
[August groans]
- August.
- This is just great.
- Stop playing games!
We've got work to do, come on!
- I hate this place!
Dad?
Keeper.
- There, what is it, Auggie?
- What are we doing here?
A man could get killed
in this storm.
- Yes, he could.
That's exactly why we're here.
Now, come on, get inside.
[light switch clicking]
No power.
- Of course, there's no power.
- Oh, just a loose bulb.
- Let's get outta here.
- Auggie, do I need to
remind you that our family
have been the harbor masters
and the lighthouse keepers
in Owl's Point for--
- Five generations, I know.
- And you, you Auggie,
are the sixth.
- I got a sixth sense
that aint gonna happen.
- You don't know what
you're talking about.
- We're here for the tourists,
to show them what
life used to be.
Dad, we're actors.
Dad, let me help.
- I'll get the light.
- [August] But--
- [Keeper] Just stay here.
[tense ambient music]
[thunder rumbling]
- I've got your
ticket out of here.
I said, I got your
Chicago to L.A., nonstop.
- Rhonda, hi.
- Is something wrong, August?
- No, I was just
thinking about--
- Thinking of a way to thank
me for being the only manager
that could get you out of
the national tour of the show
that you made a Broadway hit
to get you to L.A. in time
to star in the movie
based on the show
that you made a Broadway hit.
[August chuckles]
- Rhonda, you read my mind.
- There's no need to thank me.
It's my pleasure.
Besides, the 30%
interest I own in you
is all the thanks I need.
You leave for L.A. tonight.
- Tonight?
Why tonight?
- Why not tonight?
- Rhonda, you know how
I feel about flying.
- Did I mention your
ticket is First Class?
- I just wanted one last night
to celebrate with the cast.
Give me one good reason why
we need to leave tonight.
- I'll give you three
good reasons.
The Terry Parsons Show booked
you for tomorrow afternoon.
You're the featured guest
on Spotlight Tonight
tomorrow night, and
you're scheduled for lunch
with Gerald Winfrow.
- Who?
- The writer of the movie.
- Writer?
I've been doing this role
for seven years.
I can do the part in my sleep.
The fact is, I probably have.
- Exactly why we need to
get out of here.
We need to change.
No more dirty, old,
disgusting, run-down theaters.
Hollywood, August.
Sunshine, swimming pools.
- Movie stars.
- [Rhonda] And here
comes the next big thing.
August Starr--
[loud knocking]
- Curtain in 10 minutes, August.
Oh, hello, Rhonda.
- Terry.
- Thanks, Tony.
Who died?
- You did, kind of.
The cast and the crew,
they wanted to...
- "To August Star, the
brightest star of them all.
"See you on the red carpet."
- How witty.
- Thank everybody for me.
- We love you, man.
- It's been great run.
- We loathe you, ma'am.
- Good riddance, Timmy.
- Tony.
- Hm?
- Oh, hey, huh?
- What's this for?
- Sign the wall.
- Hey, Timmy, move
out of the way.
- No.
Always reach for the stars.
I'll catch you on stage.
[gentle music]
- Maybe I should
finish the tour.
- Maybe you should leave
decisions like that to me.
- Really, Rhonda?
When is your contract up?
[door slamming]
- Ah!
- Excuse me!
- Oh.
- [Rhonda] August, we
need to talk.
- Not now, Rhonda.
I have a show to do, remember,
acting?
It's what got us here in
the first place.
- August.
- Later, Rhonda.
[people chattering]
- [Rhonda] August?
August?
- August!
- Hey!
[tone ringing]
- August, what's going on?
- I'm fine.
I'm just tired.
You told me I had a month
before the movie started.
- You do.
- I was planning some time off.
- You're kidding, right?
Do you know how hard it
was to book you
on the Parsons Show?
You're not exactly a
household name, not yet.
- Great, then let's
wait until I am.
- Hey, but it's not gonna happen
unless you do the Parsons Show.
August, hey!
- Rhonda!
- August!
- [Rhonda] August!
August!
- [August] Sh!
- Okay, hey, hey!
You know I only have your
best interests at heart.
Okay, fine, and my 30%.
- Rhonda, I
appreciate everything.
Really, I do.
You work hard.
Thank you, but I work hard, too.
I need some time.
["Once Upon A Dream"
instrumental]
Hey.
- Hey Auggie, ready for sound?
- Yep, ready for sound.
- All right.
- [Tech] Let's get
this thing done.
- I appreciate all the
flowers you guys sent me.
That was really nice.
- All right.
- Testing, one, two, three.
- All right, you're good.
- Thanks, Bobby.
- You bet.
- Time off, sure.
No problem.
[Bobby scoffs]
- Yeah right.
- August, you're right.
It's been a long run.
You need to rest.
- I do!
- My first job will be
to schedule you a nice,
longer vacation.
- Really?
- At least a weekend, a
long weekend.
- [August] Rhonda!
- But first, there's this.
- What is this?
- Your scheduled
appearances for the next--
- Two weeks?
- Sh!
- [August] I didn't agree
to any of this.
- Yes, we did.
Remember, what's hot
today can just as easily
become what's not tomorrow.
I'm here to make sure that
doesn't happen.
- If you change your mind,
let me know.
My number's on the bottom.
- [Bobby] Yeah, I will Tony.
- [Woman] One minute August.
- Thanks Kim.
What's that about?
- My cousin.
He moves specialty cars.
I was gonna take next week off
and drive that down to
Vegas to a client of his,
but someone who shall
remain nameless
decided to quit the show.
So I requested to stay here
and help the new guy for
the first week.
- Sorry.
Sweet ride though.
- It is.
And my cousin isn't one
for taking no.
Hey!
Hey kid, you old enough
to go to Vegas?
Forget that, you old
enough to drive?
- 20 seconds.
- Tony!
- Cue in five!
- Okay, okay!
- [Kim] And this.
[audience applauding]
[tense music]
[engine turning]
[thunder rumbling]
[rain patters]
[engine revving]
- Nice car!
- Yeah, thanks.
Hey, do me a favor.
Keep an eye on it for
a few minutes.
- Yeah, sure, thanks!
[door ringing]
- Waitress.
- Waitress?
It's worse than that, I
own the place.
- Sorry.
- Can I help you?
- Kate is it?
- Great deduction.
- Kate, I'll have a
skinny caramel latte
with two shots of espresso.
- [Kate] Decaf or regular?
- Regular.
Thank you.
[phone ringing]
Yeah.
- Where are you?
- Good morning to you too boss.
- The limo service that
was sent to pick you up
at LAX says you weren't
on the plane.
- Yeah, that's correct.
Well, didn't I tell you?
- Tell me what?
- I'm driving to Vegas.
- Vegas?
- Mm-hm.
Yeah, I'm in...
[hand tapping]
Excuse me, where am I?
- Cedar Creek, Iowa.
- Iowa.
- I-O what?
- Listen, as soon as I make
the delivery for Tony--
- Tony.
Okay, I knew he would
be messed up in this.
What about the Parsons show?
- You'll figure something out.
I'll be in Vegas in two days,
three maybe.
After I make the drop,
I'll head to L.A., promise.
- Look, you listen to me,
you get yourself--
- Rhonda, you're cutting out.
I think it's a bad connection.
- Don't give me that.
I know you can hear me
perfectly well.
- Rhonda [imitates static]
I'll call ya
[imitates static] back
when better [imitates
static] signal--
- August!
[August laughing]
[phone ringing]
- Look, I just told you, two
to three days at the most!
Just leave me alone!
- Am I speaking to August Star?
- Who's asking?
- This is Amanda Benson.
The administrator at the
Owl's Nest Nursing Home.
- What did he do now?
- Excuse me?
- Did he escape again?
- As a matter of fact, yes.
- How far did he get this time?
- To the harbor.
- You guys really need a
better security system.
- Mr. Star, I'm sorry
to inform you
that there has been a
significant deterioration
in your father's condition.
- Oh.
[slow gentle music]
What do you mean?
- It's safe to say that tomorrow
won't be as good as today.
He keeps asking for you.
- For me?
- I'm assuming you're Auggie?
- Used to be.
- If there is any way
you could find
the time to come
visit your father,
I would recommend you do it now.
Mr. Star?
- Yeah.
I'm...
Looks, thanks for the call.
- Hello?
Hello?
- [Kate] Would you
like a warm-up?
- No.
No thank you.
Keep the change.
- Come back again real soon.
[door ringing]
[phone ringing]
- Later Rhonda.
Hey!
Hey, do you know how to get
to Owl's Point Wisconsin?
- Oh, yeah, yeah!
So what you're gonna
do is you're
gonna take this road down
to Highway 151 North,
and then get onto I-43
North and just keep going.
If you hit water,
you've gone too far.
- All right, thanks bud.
- Yeah, no problem.
- [August] Yeah, this is
August, please leave a message.
- Oh, I'll leave a
message all right.
[phone ringing]
- [Woman] 911, please state
the nature of your emergency.
- Yes, I would like to
report a missing actor.
[light music]
- Stop!
[car screeching]
- Is everything all right?
- Not exactly!
- Good, none of it
spilled on the car.
- What!
Thanks for your concern!
- Sorry, it's not mine.
- I see.
- Oh, are you all right?
- I'm fine.
- Let me buy you some
replacement coffees.
It's the least I can do.
- You're August Star.
- Yeah, I am.
- I thought you looked familiar.
- I'd like to keep it
quiet that I'm here.
- Maybe I should have got hit.
"Celebrity takes out
local resident."
What a headline.
- Look, let's pretend this
never happened.
- I see.
Money solves all ones problems.
- It doesn't hurt.
- [Amanda] It's nice to
see you again, Auggie.
- Do I know you?
- [Amanda] Probably not,
but I know you.
- Wait!
Who are you?
- I'm Mandy, Kirkwood.
Roger's little sister.
- Oh!
Mandy!
How are you?
- Well, for nearly being
run over by a car, not bad.
- You were what?
In seventh grade when
we were seniors?
- Yeah, that sounds about right.
- What's Roger up to these days?
- He owns a marine dealership
down on Sturgeon Bay.
- That figures.
- Well, he always
liked the water.
Not like some people we know.
- Who?
Me?
- Roger said you couldn't
wait to get off Owl's Point.
- Can you blame me?
Other than some summer
stock theater
and the state park,
there isn't much
opportunity for an
actor around here.
- I heard you're making the
jump from stage to screen,
congratulations.
- Thanks.
I'm on my way to L.A. now.
- Owl's Point is sort
of a round about
way to Hollywood,
wouldn't you say?
It's nice to see you again.
- Wait.
Let my buy you lunch.
- I just ate.
- Okay, coffee than.
I owe you.
- Thanks, but I'm already late
and you are procrastinating.
Auggie, go see your Dad.
[horn honking]
- How do you know I'm
here to see my Dad?
- I work at the Owl's
Nest Nursing Home.
- Really?
Let me give you a ride.
- The Nest is right
down the street.
- Well then, let me
walk with you.
- It's a free sidewalk.
[horn honking]
- Same old Owl's Point.
- Yup.
They're gonna change
the lighthouse
into an observation tower.
- Really?
- Yup.
Gonna replace the light
with the tower viewer.
- A what?
- You know one of
those things you
put money into to
look through to--
- Oh, yeah!
Wow.
- Keeper isn't happy about it.
- I bet not.
- So how long has it been
since you've been back?
- A few years.
Maybe six or seven.
After the show closed
on Broadway,
we took it on tour.
I haven't had much time off.
- I see.
- Besides, there
hasn't been a whole
lot of reason to come back.
- What about Keeper?
- Keeper?
My Dad and I don't exactly
see eye to eye.
- Well how do you know
when you haven't been here
to look him in the eye?
- Let's just say that my
departure from Owl's Point
did not meet with his approval.
After all, who'd wanna
give up all this
for life as an actor?
- Is that a rhetorical question?
- Don't get me wrong,
Owl's Point is great
for some people.
- For uninspired people like me.
- Didn't you ever wanna
see what's out there?
What's out beyond
that lighthouse?
- Tell me, August the Star,
what's out there?
What's out there that
can't be found right here?
- [August] To each their own.
- And who are your own?
The paparazzi?
Fanatic fans, the
suffocating crowds?
- Don't knock it til you try it.
- What about the people
who really love you?
- Really love me?
What's, what's real?
Real is what you
pretend real to be.
I'm an actor remember?
- What about Keeper?
He is real.
- I pay for his care.
- That's right, money
solves all ones problems.
- It's a lot more than
some people do.
Look, my Dad's nickname
is more than accurate.
Especially when it comes to me.
He saw his duty was not only
keeping that lighthouse,
but keeping me locked in
it at all costs.
Even at the cost of
my happiness.
Is that love?
- So you were abused?
- Just detained.
- Maybe Keeper thought he
knew what was best for you.
We all make mistakes.
- And some of us are able to
admit to those mistakes.
- Maybe the apple didn't
fall far from the lighthouse.
- Maybe this walk wasn't
such a good idea.
- Then maybe it's a
good thing we have
arrived at the end of the line.
Hi Carol.
- [Carol] Hello, how are you?
- It's nice to see you
again August.
- Nice to see you Mandy.
- You'll find Keeper's
room down the hall
and to the right.
Don't forget to sign in
and sanitize your hands.
- So, what are you?
A secretary or something?
- Something like that.
Goodbye Auggie.
Afternoon ladies.
- Amanda.
Mandy, of course
she'd be the boss.
- Sorry, excuse me.
- Hey Dan.
- [Dan] Oh, hi ladies.
[door knocking]
- Dad?
Dad?
- Oh, he's sleeping.
- Oh, I'm sorry.
I thought he was alone.
- I'm Mike, our caregiver.
Keeper's one of my regulars.
You must be August.
- How did you know?
- You just called him Dad.
[August chuckling]
- [August] Right.
- It's nice to meet you.
I've heard a lot about you.
- Really?
Anything you can repeat?
[Mike laughing]
- Well, actually all of it.
I heard about your many
fishing excursions for bass.
Right, your sailing
adventures to Willow Island,
and oh, your hunts buried
pirate treasure
along the shore.
And how you and Keeper
worked together
protecting the coast
by making sure
the light never went out.
- That was a long time ago.
- Not to Keeper.
To him, it happened yesterday.
What is it?
- Do we know each other?
You look familiar.
- Well, maybe for the
fact that I was witness
to you nearly turning
the center's
Administrator into a speed bump.
- That's it!
You were the guy that ran
in the middle of the road.
- You seemed distracted.
- Yeah, well, I thought I...
You didn't see a man
and a boy in raincoats
sitting outside the ice
cream parlor did you?
- Well, I can't say I did.
Why?
- Nevermind.
[slow paced music]
I'll come back later.
- Why later?
- When he's awake.
- What you see is what you get.
- Really?
- Pretty much.
When you sleep 20 hours a day,
losing 15 minutes is not
gonna make a big difference.
Keeper.
[Keeper groans]
- Keeper!
- Keeper wake up.
I have a surprise for you.
- [Keeper] What is it?
- Look who's here.
- It's about time.
What took him so long?
- Well better late than
never, right Keeper?
- What's for dinner?
- Lasagna, your favorite.
Maybe August can join you.
- Auggie!
Where is he?
- I'm right here.
It's good to see you again Dad.
- What's going on here?
- It's me, August, Auggie.
- I don't know you.
- Keeper, it's your son.
- That's not my son.
Auggie's at school.
- Keeper, August drove
all this way--
- I told you, that
is not Auggie!
- It's okay Mike.
- Get him out of here!
- But Keeper--
- [Keeper] Look at him
what's wrong with you!
- [August] I better leave.
- Good, get out!
Out!
- Come back later,
August, these things take time.
He'll be fine when
he calms down.
- Sure.
See ya Mike.
- Why did you let him in here?
- [Mike] I'm sorry Keeper.
- [Keeper] That's not Auggie.
Auggie's at school!
- [Mike] I know.
- [Keeper] What's for dinner?
- [Mike] Lasagna.
- [Keeper] Oh, my favorite.
[slow paced music]
- Sir, don't forget to sign out.
[rustling waters]
[thunder rumbling]
- August, stop playing games!
We got work to do, come on!
- [August] I hate this place.
- [Little Girl] Excuse me.
Excuse me.
- Oh, hi.
Can I help you?
- May I have your autograph?
- My autograph?
- Yes please.
- Sure, I'd be happy to sign.
What's your name?
- Olivia.
To Olivia,
always reach
for the stars.
There ya go.
- August Star, oh.
- What is it?
- I thought you were famous.
- Famous huh?
Who told you that?
- My Mom.
- [August] Where is she?
That's your Mom?
- Yeah.
Can I go play with my
friends now?
- Sure.
Stay away from the water.
- [Olivia] Okay!
- Here, let me take your
pen and notebook.
- Thanks.
You're a pretty good guy,
for a nobody.
[kids screaming]
- Thanks.
Yup, definitely related.
No doubt about it.
An autograph?
- Oh, I didn't want
you to feel like
a fish out of water here
in little old Owl's Point.
I know how much you show
people you crave attention.
- We do?
- Yeah, you do.
- That was my manager's doing.
- Oh.
Of course.
How was your visit with Keeper?
- Good.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- You're not gonna win any
awards with that performance.
- All right, it could
have gone better.
- For who, you or Keeper?
- Excuse me?
- You haven't been
here in how long?
- So my leaving caused this?
- No, this would've
happened to Keeper
if you were here or not.
But Auggie, you haven't been in
his life in a long time,
have you?
- I suppose not much.
- Listen, this isn't a
scientific explanation,
but it may help you understand
what your Dad is going through.
Picture the brain as a
head of lettuce.
Memories from the past are
in the center of the head,
and the more recent memories
are the leaves on the outside.
And as you peel those
leaves away,
those memories just--
- Disappear.
- Yeah.
Keeper does remember you Auggie,
but to him you're a teenager.
- [August] And your daughter?
- [Amanda] What about her?
- Olivia's Dad.
Mr. Benson I presume?
- You presume correctly.
- How long have you
been married?
- Next month, it would
have been 11 years.
- So he left you?
- He
left me
when his Humvee ran over
an IED on a desert road
in Afghanistan.
Rob was deployed five months
before Olivia was born.
They never got a chance
to meet each other.
Listen,
I knew what I was doing
when I married the Army,
and I would do it
all over again.
Besides, Rob and
Olivia aren't the
parent and child we need
to talk about right now.
- Let's not go there.
- Listen, I have an idea.
- Hm, what kind of an idea?
- A good one.
At least
I think it could possibly
be a good one.
Maybe.
- That's reassuring.
- Just listen.
- [August] I'm listening.
- Miracles do happen.
- Nice.
- Just promise me that
you will drive
that fancy car of yours
over to the Owl's Nest
and nine a.m. tomorrow.
- But I'm--
- Promise?
- All right, I promise.
- Great.
I'll see you tomorrow.
August, where are you staying?
- Frankly, I haven't
thought that far ahead.
- Here, take these.
- You're okay with me
staying at your place?
- Those are Keeper's
keys to his house.
Your home Auggie.
- You know, maybe
staying at your place
wasn't such a bad idea?
- What's the matter,
are you uncomfortable?
- Well--
- Auggie, sometimes you
have to be uncomfortable
to be comfortable.
See you tomorrow.
Nine a.m.
- Right!
Hey Mandy!
- What!
- What's the second key for?
- I don't know.
I'll see you tomorrow.
[kids laughing]
- [Mike] Is there
anything else I should do?
- No, let's just let the
situation play out for now.
[solemn music]
- [Mike] Very well.
- Mike.
Time is short.
- I understand.
[gentle determined music]
- Tony!
Tony, I know you're in here.
Get out here this instant!
This is ridiculous!
Tony!
Tony?
- Hey Rhonda.
- What kind of trouble have
you gotten August into?
- Trouble, no?
There is no trouble.
He was supposed to take the car
and drop it off in Vegas
like we planned.
- You and your plan.
Turn that light off.
Who's that with you?
- Where is August?
- Iowa.
- Iowa?
He should be further
than that by now.
- Who are you?
- Nobody, just a
concerned party.
And where in Iowa might
we find Mr. Star?
- This morning he was
in Cedar Creek,
but he hasn't responded
to any of my calls since.
Wait.
You don't think there
was an accident?
You don't think he's hurt,
do you?
- If not, it could be arranged.
- What?
- Why don't we continue this
conversation somewhere else?
- No, I think I'll stay here.
Tony, hey!
Let go of me!
Tony!
Let go of...
[slow paced music]
- Well it's time!
Roger's here to take me
to the station.
- Auggie, I don't like this.
- Of course you don't Dad.
But for me, it's now or never.
- But you know this
show could end tomorrow.
- You're right.
And I would've never had a
chance to be a part of it.
- Auggie--
- Dad, look, I know you think
I only got the part of
an understudy,
but this is a legitimate
way into the theater.
And who knows, maybe it
could lead to my big break.
- Well I know, but, what
about the light?
- You got it covered Dad.
Come on.
I'll call you when I get there.
See ya Dad!
- Bye Auggie.
[solemn music]
[door creaking]
♪ Sailing, sailing
♪ Over the bounding Main
♪ For many a stormy
wind shall blow ♪
♪ Ere Jack comes home again
[solemn music]
- [Keeper] Take that!
[male grunting]
And that!
Never!
- Ho!
- [Keeper] You'll never
take me ship!
- Never?
Then Captain, welcome to never.
- Aye, a feisty one are ya!
Whoa!
[sword thudding]
Ow!
- Dad, are you okay?
- Ouch!
[Keeper laughing]
Hey, what was that for?
- Just a lesson Auggie.
Never lower your guard.
- Ouch!
[speaking foreign language]
[swords clanking]
- [Keeper] Have at ya!
- [Auggie] Never!
[solemn music]
[speaking foreign language]
- All right, okay.
You know, this is one
fine ship Auggie.
- It's the best one yet!
- You know, I believe it is.
So, what are you gonna
do when she's finished?
- I'm gonna sail away
from Owl's Point.
- Why?
- To find adventure.
- Ah.
Well then, maybe we
better not be
in such a rush to finish it.
[solemn music]
So, how was school today?
- Fine.
- Fine?
Didn't anything
interesting happen?
- Does anything interesting
ever happen here?
- Well listen, how about
after supper we play--
- Homework.
I've got a report to do.
I'm gonna eat in my room
and get at it.
- All right.
Did you say your prayers?
- [Auggie] Yes, I
said my prayers.
- Good, always remember,
check in God when you first
wake up, when you go to bed,
and many times during the day.
You promise?
- [Auggie] Promise.
- Good.
All right.
Hey, how about a
quick round of the
question game before
you turn in?
- I should get to bed.
- One round, for old times sake?
- [Auggie] All right.
- Good good.
I'll start.
Thinking.
I'm thinking.
Okay, I got one.
- Is it a thing?
- Yes.
- [Auggie] Is it on Owl's Point?
- Oh, you're good.
- Is it tall?
- Only the tallest.
- Dad.
- Come on, keep going.
- Is it the church steeple?
- No it is not the
church steeple.
- Is it bright?
- When it needs to be.
- It's the lighthouse.
- How did you know?
- Because it's always
the lighthouse.
- Oh no, not always.
I mean,
sometimes it's the lantern room.
- The lantern room is in
the lighthouse.
- True.
True.
Okay, your turn.
- I can't think of anything.
- [Keeper] I don't believe that.
- All right, I got it.
- Okay.
Is it a thing?
- No.
- Is it a person.
- [Auggie] Yup.
- Are they living?
- I don't know.
- Man?
- No.
- Woman?
- Uh-huh.
- Is she living in Owl's Point?
- Not anymore.
- Do you know her?
- That's a no.
- Boy, you're right, it
is getting late.
I think we should--
- Don't you wanna
know the answer?
- You were thinking
about your mother.
- [Auggie] Where is she?
- Honestly, Auggie, I
do not know.
- Why would she leave us?
I was just a baby.
- I know you were.
But she--
- I hate her.
As much as she must hate me.
- No, no, no, no, no, Auggie.
Don't hate her, if anything,
pray for her.
- Pray?
For her?
- Yes.
Pray that God brings his light
into her life.
Come on Auggie, after all,
she gave us
something really special.
- And what's that?
- Each other.
- Goodnight.
Oh, you ready to blow
out the lamp?
Okay.
One,
two,
three!
[both blowing]
[August chuckles]
[guitar strumming]
- Who in their right mind
plays the lute?
Auggie's shows?
What?
What in the world?
Oh come on.
Give me a signal.
Oh, there we go.
Rhonda, hey, this is August.
Listen, I need a few
days, something's come up.
I'm at home in Owl's Point,
Wisconsin.
Do me a favor and tell
Tony I'm gonna
be a few days late
delivering the car to Vegas.
I'll fill you in on the
details later.
I...
See ya.
- Owl's Point, why?
- That's the
question of the day.
Seems like a good place to hide.
I gotta tell your cousin.
- Cousin!
- Ow!
Hey, why?
Why would you do that?
- You sent August out
in a hot car!
- Whoa, the car ain't hot.
- The car isn't hot--
- It's the contraband
that's hidden in the car.
That's hot.
- See, the contraband is...
Oh boy.
- What contraband?
[door banging]
[chains clanking]
- You two stay put.
- Take your time.
[Tony laughing]
What's so funny?
- I love this place,
I love my job.
- Stop messing around!
Your cousin?
We're being held hostage
by your cousin?
Nice family.
- Listen Rhonda, I
didn't know anything
about any contraband.
You have to believe me.
- Yeah right.
- And, in fact, if we be in
it'd be safer for all of us
if we didn't know.
- Safer for all of us?
What do you mean?
- Well let's just hope
that August doesn't stumble upon
whatever is in that car.
- So help me Tony, if we
get out of this alive,
I'm going to kill you.
[door knocking]
- Sit down.
- Today's your lucky day.
We're taking a little
road trip to Wisconsin.
I love cheese curds.
[slow paced music]
- I'm here as promised.
- Keeper, I would like
you to meet someone.
- What's going on?
- This is Keeper's day
to go for a car ride
and he sure appreciates
the volunteers
who come every week.
Don't you keeper?
- I don't care.
- Oh, don't you wanna
see Owl's Point?
- I've seen it.
Can we go back inside?
- Oh come on, it'll be fun.
This nice mans name is
Harry.
- Thanks.
- Well Harry, she won't rest
until we get this over with.
- Tell me about it.
- Well what, are 12 clowns
gonna jump out of that tin can?
- You two have fun.
- [August] Hey, Mandy, I was
wondering if we could talk?
- Sure, what is it?
- Not here.
I've some questions about
Keeper that I was hoping
you might be able to shed
some light on.
- I mean, I really don't
know much about him
prior to his arrival
at the Nest.
- Any insight would
be appreciated.
- Okay.
Tell you what, Olivia's
staying with a friend tonight,
I can meet you at the
Bayview restaurant at seven.
We could talk then.
- Great.
It's a date.
[horn honking]
- Hey, are we going or what?
- Yeah, yeah we're going.
Where, I don't know.
- Well get a map.
- [August] I have GPS.
- You have what?
- I said I have GPS!
[horns honking]
- He says he has GPS.
Is it legal to drive with
that condition?
[engine turning]
Stop!
[car screeching]
- [August] What?
What's wrong?
- [Keeper] Not here.
At the stop sign at the corner,
I didn't want you to miss it.
- [August] Thanks.
- [Keeper] What are you doing?
- [August] I have no idea.
- [Keeper] That's
what I thought.
Harry, what are we doing here?
- I thought we'd take a
trip down memory lane.
- Oh.
- [August] When'd you get that?
- 1972.
- You remember.
- It says it right here.
Can't you read?
"Regional Champions 1972."
Boy, I had a 196 average.
- That's right, you did.
Who made this?
- Oh, Auggie and I.
Took us two months.
- An hour every night.
- Right.
Auggie must be at school.
- Yeah, school.
Hey,
what are these?
- Oh.
I don't know.
Never seen 'em before, garbage.
What are you doing?
- I thought we'd take a
few things back.
- Back where?
- Back to your room.
- My room is right
through that door.
Auggie must be at school.
- Can't you see
Auggie is right--
- Harry, are you okay?
- Yeah,
I'm fine.
Hey, you know,
I think I know where we might
be able to find Auggie.
- Really?
Well, let's go.
[rustling waters]
- Come on, let's go take a look.
- [Keeper] What are
we doing here?
- Looking to see if
Auggie is here.
- You won't find him here.
- Why not?
- Auggie hates this place.
Oh yeah.
Yeah.
- Go figure, it burns out
right when we walk in.
- Oh, you see, right there.
Right there is where Auggie said
we were just actors.
Can you believe it?
- Yeah, that's awful.
- What'd ya say?
- Oh, I just said that maybe
Auggie changed his mind.
Maybe he doesn't
hate this place.
Oh.
Looks like they started
the remodeling.
That's right, they took
the light out
and they're gonna put
in an observation deck.
- Observation deck?
For what?
- For tourists.
- Tourists?
You're crazy.
They can't do that.
The light's too important.
- Times change.
- Yeah, yeah.
There's something
here for Auggie.
- What's here?
- The light.
- I just told you, the
light is gone.
- Remind me to tell Auggie
that it's here.
The light is here.
Well, come on Harry, let's go.
Harry!
- Yeah, I'm coming Keeper.
Well Keeper, we're back.
Did you enjoy your trip?
- Well, it wasn't the worst.
- Would you like to do it
again sometime?
- Maybe.
- Well, at least
that isn't a no.
Here, let's make sure you got
all your treasures--
[lighthouse clanking]
- Look what you made me do.
- Sorry.
Here, let me help.
- All right.
Wait, what's this?
- I don't know, what is it?
- It's my marbles!
[bag clanking]
I thought I'd lost my marbles.
[door ringing]
- [Kate] Can I help you?
- Yes, I'm Special Agent Ketchum
and this is Agent Howard.
We're with the FBI.
- Farm Bureau?
- Federal Bureau of
Investigation.
We're looking for someone who
may have past through
town recently.
- Agent Ketchum?
You're kidding, right?
- I don't understand.
- Of course you don't.
- We're looking for someone who
may have been driving this car.
- I didn't see any car.
- Well, anybody come
in that seemed
like he was from out of town?
- You mean espresso boy?
- Excuse me?
- The fella that left
you with that $50 tip.
- Oh yeah, there was this
handsome fella.
- He wore a baseball cap
and dark sunglasses.
- Sunglasses inside.
That's odd.
- You think?
Must've been trying to
hide something.
- What did he do?
- Just drank his coffee.
- Anything else?
- No, just drank his coffee
and talked on the phone
the entire time.
- To whom?
Who did he talk to?
- Well, if I recall,
the conversation was with
somebody he called boss.
- Boss?
- Said he was going to
make a drop in Las Vegas.
- Really?
Is that all?
- Well pretty much.
For that call.
- There was another call?
- Yup.
Someone thought it was important
that he knew there
was an escape.
- Escape?
Well, thank you.
You've been most helpful.
- You won't find him
in Las Vegas.
- And, why not son?
- Because I know where he went.
- [August] And do you
know how to get to
Owl's Point Wisconsin?
- [Boy] Oh yeah, yeah.
So what you're gonna do
is you're gonna
take this road down to
Highway 151 North.
- Evening.
- Hi, Mandy Benson?
- Yes, Benson right here.
- Thank you.
I'm sorry I'm late.
I wanted to pick
these up for you
to thank you for
everything you've done.
- How sweet of you.
They're beautiful.
But you shouldn't have.
- Hey, where are mine?
- August, this is Martha.
She is a resident at the
Owl's Rest Nursing Home.
She has known Keeper
for many years.
- Hi Auggie.
- Hi Martha.
- Have a seat.
Take a load off.
- I thought Martha could
shed some light
on Keeper's life after
you left Owl's Point.
Here's a menu.
- Thanks.
Good idea.
I guess.
- You were right Mandy.
- Right about what?
- Nothing.
- You are even better
looking in person.
- Really?
And so are you Martha.
- You dog!
Flattery will get
you everywhere.
- Martha, why don't you
take a look at the menu.
We should probably choose
what we're gonna eat tonight.
Although I've suddenly
lost my appetite.
- Until Keeper started to,
well, you know, forget things.
He could tell almost
anything about marine life
on the Great Lakes.
- Don't I know it.
- He would always say, "I don't
have to go see the world."--
- The world always
comes to see me.
- That's right.
From his advantage point
on top of that lighthouse,
he saw the ships from all
over the world.
He met Captains and their crews.
He insists that one time
during a full moon--
- In 1965, he spied a
Russian submarine.
Heard it!
- Look Auggie, I'm sorry
I can't provide you
with any new
information about Keeper.
- I'm sure August
appreciates your time
and for being a good
friend to Keeper.
- Yes, I do.
Thank you, Martha.
It's just that, well,
last night, I came across
these at Keepers cabin.
- They're theater tickets.
Unused.
- For the opening night of
every city I've ever played.
- It was nice of you
to invite him.
- That's just it, I didn't.
- How do you think he got them?
- I don't know.
I don't mean to brag but,
most of these tickets
sold for a small fortune.
- I can see that.
- Martha, did Keeper ever
mention anything
to you about tickets?
- Not specifically.
- What do you mean, "not
specifically?"
- I mean, he never
mentioned tickets,
but he did always know
where you were,
what show you were in,
and how well you did
in the reviews.
- Power of the internet.
- Right.
The internet.
Keeper?
The closest he ever got
to a computer
was the timer on his
coffee maker.
And it usually started brewing
at three in the morning.
No, the net Keeper ever knew was
on a fishing boat.
- Well, then I guess
the case of the
unused theater tickets
will remain a mystery.
Who cares.
- It would seem that you do.
This place has the best
blueberry pie.
Are you sure you two
don't want a piece?
Have you tried contacting
Keeper's sister?
- What?
- [Martha] Keepers sister.
To shed light on the tickets.
- Martha, what are you
talking about?
- Keeper's sister.
You know, Auggie's mother.
- My mother?
- You didn't know that Keeper
is actually your Uncle,
did you?
More coffee please.
- [August] All right
Keeper of secrets,
you've got company.
- Sir!
Please sign in.
- When you sleep 20 hours a day
what's 15 minutes of lost rest?
Right?
All right, let's really
test your memory
and see what lies you
can muster this time.
[door knocking]
Keeper, it's August!
[slow paced music]
Keeper!
Keeper?
- Huh?
- Keeper, is that you?
- Auggie?
Watch out for the pirate.
- Pirate--
[hammer thudding]
[August grunting]
[thunder crackling]
- Auggie, hurry it up!
Time is short!
- [Auggie] I hate this place.
- And here comes the
next big thing.
August Star.
Remember, what's hot today
can just as easily become
what's not, tomorrow.
- If there is any time you could
come to visit your father,
I would recommend you do it now.
Owl's Point is sort
of a roundabout
way to Hollywood,
wouldn't you say.
Tell me August the Star,
what's out there?
What's out there that
can't be found right?
- What's real?
Real is what you
pretend real to be.
- I don't know you.
That's not my son.
What did he tell you!
Get him out of here!
- Keeper does remember you,
Auggie.
But to him you're a teenager.
Sometimes you have to
be uncomfortable
to be comfortable.
- You were thinking about
your Mother, but she--
- I hate her.
- You won't find him here.
- Why not?
- Auggie hates this place.
- Keeper's sister.
You know, Auggie's Mother.
- [August] My Mother?
[August coughing]
Ow, my head.
- Auggie?
Auggie is that you?
- Where are we?
- The lighthouse.
Red skies in the morning,
sailors take warning.
There's a storm a coming.
- I think it already hit.
- Those pirate friends of yours,
they play a little rough.
- Pirates?
- Not very creative though.
The best they could
come up with to say was,
"Where's the loot?
"Where's the loot?"
- Where are they?
- Well, I told them
where the loot was.
- Where?
- Where else?
In my treasure chest.
- Hey, what is this?
- It's kind of a dumb thing
to scavenger for though.
I can't remember the
last time I played it.
- Your lute.
- [Both Men] Oh!
- [August] Sorry.
- Auggie, are you okay?
- Why are you calling me Auggie?
- Well that's your name.
Are we being some kind
of characters?
Sir Francis Drake?
Sir Walter Raleigh how
can I be your service.
- No, Auggie's fine.
- Okay, as you wish sir.
- Dad.
- Huh?
- What happens when the
pirates figure out
that the loot is your lute?
- Well, they,
they said something about
coming back here to
finish the game.
I wish they would hurry.
It's cold, cold in here.
I'm tired.
- Hey, hang in there Dad.
- [Keeper] I'm so tired.
- It's been a long time
since I've been up there.
- Up where?
- The lantern room.
- Oh.
Not a big fan of
lighthouses, are you Auggie?
- I wouldn't say that.
- I would.
- [August] Well, it doesn't help
when you have a fear of heights.
- A fear of heights?
I never knew that.
- Yeah, I should have
told you earlier.
- Well, it doesn't matter,
does it?
- It does when you're supposed
to be a lighthouse keeper.
- Yeah, but,
you're never gonna be a
lighthouse keeper
are you Auggie?
- No Dad.
- Well good.
You have to follow your
dreams for your life,
not someone else's.
- My life?
- Yeah.
What is it you wanna do again?
- Act.
- Oh, that's right.
Well, [heavy breathing]
you were pretty good in
that last play of yours.
- Really?
- Oh yeah, yeah.
I'll huff and I'll puff
and I'll blow your house down.
By golly, Auggie you did.
- Fifth grade.
Thanks.
- Auggie, there's one thing
you have to promise me.
- What's that?
- No matter where you go,
Auggie take the light with you.
- How is that even possible?
- Oh Auggie, all things are,
all things are
possible through Him,
who gives us strength.
- Even raising a kid
all by yourself?
- Well, I'm trying.
- You're doing a good job.
Hey,
what can you tell me
about your sister?
- Beautiful, beautiful girl.
Beautiful.
You know, my parents, after me,
I think they decided to
call it quits.
But eventually, I
guess they forgot
about all the trouble I was
and 16 years later, if you
can believe it,
along came Lily.
- Lily?
- Yeah.
- Where is she?
- Well, Lily herself in trouble.
She [Keeper coughing],
she made a mistake.
- Am I that mistake?
- No.
No.
You are my son.
Oh Auggie, I'm so tired.
- Stay with me Dad.
- So tired.
- Hey, Dad.
You remember this one?
- Huh?
♪ Y'heave ho my lads
♪ The wind blows free
♪ A pleasant gale is
on our lee ♪
♪ And soon across
♪ The oceans clear
♪ A gallant barque
♪ Shall bravely steer
♪ But ere we part
♪ From England shore tonight
♪ A song we'll sing
♪ For home and beauty bright
♪ Then here's to the sailor
♪ And here's to the
heart so true ♪
♪ Who will think of him
♪ Upon the waters blue
♪ Sailing, sailing
♪ Over the bounding Main
♪ For many a stormy
wind shall blow ♪
♪ When Jack comes home again
♪ Sailing, sailing
♪ Over the bounding Main
♪ For many a stormy
wind shall blow ♪
♪ When Jack comes home again
♪ The tide is flowing
with the gale ♪
♪ Y'heave ho my lads
♪ Said every sail
♪ The harper barque
we soon shall ♪
- What?
What's that?
- Just go back to sleep Dad.
- Huh?
- Just go back to sleep.
♪ Farewell once more
♪ To home so dear
♪ And when
- That's him!
- August!
- Rhonda?
What's going on?
- FBI.
- Thank God you're alive.
- How'd you find us?
- Well, brains don't exactly
run in Tony's family.
When the FBI went to
your Dad's house,
they found us and the car
in the driveway.
- And then you came here?
- No, the nursing home.
That little lighthouse lamp
you left in the window,
it was an awesome clue.
That was really great thinking.
- I didn't leave a lamp
in the window.
- He's burning up!
[Keeper groans]
- Auggie.
- Yeah.
- [Keeper] Is the game over?
It's over.
- Who are you?
Where's Auggie!
- Let's get him out of here.
- The game is over.
- Not quite yet.
- Excuse me?
- Mr. Star, I have some
questions for you.
- Like?
- Like, for instance,
where are they?
- Where are what?
- The diamonds?
- Diamonds?
- What's going on over there?
- I don't know.
Some sort of interrogation?
- All right, let's calmly
try to go over this all.
- One more time.
We've been at this for hours.
We've searched the house,
Keeper's room,
the car, the lighthouse.
I have no idea where
the diamonds are!
- Mr. Star, if you
refuse to cooperate,
we'll just take you in
for further questioning.
- What?
Arrest me?
I'm a victim in all of this!
- The diamonds were in
your possession
when they disappeared.
- What do you mean,
"Disappeared?"
How can something disappear
that I never saw in
the first place?
- How convenient.
- Look, this is all a
big misunderstanding.
Why would I drive a car
full of hot diamonds
all the way to--
- Las Vegas!
- Vegas!
- So you admit you were
headed to Las Vegas?
- Yes, to deliver the car.
- With the diamonds.
- What diamonds?
- So you didn't go to Vegas?
- That's right.
- That was your mistake August!
The plan was to go to Vegas!
- The plan?
- There was--
- I see.
- There was no plan.
- Yes there was!
My cousin's plan!
Which obviously neither August
nor I had any part in planning.
I mean, just the execution.
- The execution?
I see.
- I see, you see nothing!
Tony!
Stop talking!
- Maybe you both should
stop talking.
At least until an
attorney is present.
I'll call Bernie.
- Bernie is an
entertainment lawyer.
We're not negotiating a
three picture deal here.
- Wait a minute, this
would make a great movie.
Whatever you do, do not
surrender the story rights.
- Hold on!
This is my story too, I
set the whole thing up!
- You heard him, he
just confessed.
Lock him up.
- Did not Rhonda!
You just wanna keep me
from a producers credit!
- Producers credit?
The day you get a
producer's credit--
- Can everyone please
just settle down?
You're agitating the residents.
- Oh, no need to stop
on our account.
We haven't had so much fun since
Homer knocked off the
pharmacy on Mardi Gras night!
- It was not one of our
finest hours.
- Back to your game boys.
- Yes ma'am.
- Homer only got away
with a case of laxatives.
It's not as bad as it sounds.
- It's not bad if you
want wall to wall--
- Back to your game Winnie.
- Well, without the
jewels in hand,
we can't let you go
until it is proven
that there was no colluding.
- Colluding?
- Or obstruction.
Gentlemen.
- What are you doing?
- You have a right to
remain silent--
- You're kidding me, right?
- [Ketchum] No, I wish I was.
- Anything you say can
and will be held
against you in a court of law.
- He's not kidding either.
You know, I had a buddy
who didn't know
he was being recorded by
some stool pigeon
so he said--
- Shut up Tony!
- Fine, fine.
My lips are sealed.
Unless, unless I can
work a plea deal.
Yeah?
I could.
Hey, it's nothing personal.
- [Howard] You have a
right to an attorney--
- Not Bernie.
- If you cannot
afford an attorney
one will be provided--
- Excuse me please,
coming through.
- Hello Martha, how
are you today?
- I'm still breathing.
I'd love to stay and talk,
but I'm late for craft class!
Hi Auggie.
- Martha.
- Well, don't let us
stand in your way.
- Last time I made
this necklace.
- Oh, it's beautiful.
- This time I'm going to
make matching earrings.
If Sophie didn't take all
the good bling.
She's a hoarder you know.
- Oh, there there Martha.
- Carry on.
- [Howard] As I was saying, you
have a right to an attorney.
♪ There may be a time
♪ When a lass needs a lawyer
♪ Da, da, da, da, da, da,
da ,da ♪
- Wait a minute.
Agent Ketchum.
- [Martha] Am I too
late for the good ones?
- No, no Martha, right on time.
Now everyone, don't forget
to thank Keeper
for donating his bag of
broken marbles
to our craft time.
- All right then, let them go.
- Can I make a pair of earrings?
Just a small pair.
Nevermind.
- So, what do we have here?
- What is it?
- You owe me a dinner.
- What are you talking about?
We had dinner.
- A Martha free dinner.
- August, I don't
think we should--
- Or I could ask Agent
Ketchum to take
a closer look into the
laxative Mardi Gras caper.
- That's blackmail.
- No, no, that's desperation.
- Okay.
I'll get my coat.
- The light.
- [August] Keeper!
The light!
- Code blue!
We need help here!
- Dad? Dad?
- Code blue!
Keeper?
Hey.
- Code blue!
- [Amanda] What's his status?
- His pulse is low,
he's having
difficulty breathing.
Pneumonia.
I don't think he's gonna--
- Shh.
- Keeper.
Dad.
- Auggie.
- I'm here Dad.
- The light.
- It's me, Auggie.
- The light, need the light.
- I...
- What is it August?
- I can't stay here.
I have to go.
- What are you talking about?
What are you doing?
- [August] I have to
do something.
- [Amanda] You have to
stay with your Father.
- I'll explain later.
- August,
I don't think there's
going to be a later.
August,
what could possibly be
more important
than being here?
- Being there.
- August!
- Rhonda, stay with him, please?
- I have to tell you something--
- Rhonda, please!
- Okay.
- August.
- I have to go.
- I know you do.
- Oh great, no car.
[ominous music]
- Just stay here.
- No.
I'm coming up.
Sorry Keeper.
Sorry.
The Bible?
Lily?
"Thy word is a lamp to my feet.
"The light to my path."
The light.
The light!
[August laughing]
[phone ringing]
Come on.
Answer.
Answer!
[phone ringing]
- Keep him as
comfortable as possible.
This is Amanda.
- Mandy, August.
I need your help.
- I'm a little busy right now.
I'm with a dying resident.
- [August] Good.
- What?
- He's still alive?
- [Amanda] Barely.
- Mandy, please listen to me.
- I've got to go.
- Please, listen!
- What do you want?
- I need you to move
Keeper's bed to the window.
- Are you crazy?
Any--
- Please, just do it!
Please Mandy.
Now!
Move Keeper's bed to the window,
please!
- Fine.
Help me move his bed
to the window.
Can you help us?
- Ah.
Hello.
- Hi.
- All right, the bed is
at the window.
- Okay, open the curtains.
- What's going on?
- I have no idea.
All right, I'm opening
the curtains.
August, I...
- Please, Mandy,
can Keeper see it?
- Keeper.
- Come on Dad.
- Wake up.
- Please.
- Keeper.
I need you to wake up.
Keeper.
Wake up.
- Come on.
- Keeper, look.
Look at the lighthouse.
Look at what Auggie did.
- [Keeper] Auggie?
- Yes Keeper, Auggie.
- He sees it Auggie, he
sees the light.
- God is light.
In Him,
there is no darkness at all.
- None at all.
[Keeper exhales]
[slow paced music]
[door knocking]
- [Male] Come in.
Welcome.
- Oh, thank you.
- August Star I presume?
- Yeah, August Star senior.
Not to be confused with my son,
August Star junior.
- Believe me, I'll never
confuse you and Auggie.
How 'bout I call you Keeper?
- Well, all my friends do.
- Well then it's appropriate.
Please, come in, sit down.
[speaking foreign language]
Would you like a cup of tea?
I have an Oolong that's
out of your world.
That's a joke.
- No, no tea for me, thank you.
- Keeper, do you know who I am?
- You are the Author?
- I am.
What is it?
- Well, it's just that you,
I mean...
Forgive me.
- I already have.
- Right, right.
It's just you're not--
- Oh, you were expecting
Charlton Heston?
I get that all the time.
August Star senior,
this is your life.
Or should I say was your life.
- Look, I wanna apologize.
- For what?
- For this, my life.
- It's too late for
apologies Keeper.
Keeper.
Do you really believe what
you said you believe is true?
- Yes.
- Come with me, I wanna
show you something.
Please.
- "In the beginning, God created
the Heaven and the Earth."
- Not a bad opening if I
do say so myself.
[Keeper chuckling]
- "For I know the
thoughts that I think
"toward you sayeth the Lord.
"Thought of peace and
not of evil."
- [Author] To give you
an expected end.
- [Keeper] "Fear thou
not, for I am with thee.
- [Author] "Be not
dismayed, for I am thy God."
- [Keeper And Author]
"I will strengthen thee,
"ye will help thee.
"Ye I will uphold thee
"with the right hand of my
righteousness."
- [Keeper] "And we know
that all things
"work together for good
to them that love God.
- "To them who are called,
"according to His purpose."
Every great story deserves
a hero, don't you agree?
- "For God so loved the world
"that He gave His only
begotten son.
"That whosoever believeth
in Him should not perish,
"but have everlasting life."
- Do you believe Keeper?
- I do, with all my heart.
- It is finished.
Welcome home Keeper.
This is the point
where new arrivals
usually show a little more
excitement to be here.
- Yes, I'm very
happy to be here.
- But.
- But I lived my entire
life on Owl's Point.
I should've been out and about
telling other people this story.
- Let me show you
something else.
Keeper, do you know
what these are?
- Books?
- Each book is a life.
- Wow.
How do you keep 'em
all straight?
- God only knows.
Hey, you tossed me the
ball, I had to hit it.
Anyway Keeper, these
are stories.
Lives.
In which you have
been a character
of great influence.
- All these?
- Every one.
Your story has intersected each
and every life you see here.
Some of the meetings
you don't even recall.
Nevertheless, by your
example, a sentence, a deed.
You helped to write
a new chapter
in all of these stories.
You helped to write
events that have
and continue to bring people
through that very door.
Keeper, you have
helped the light
to pierce the darkness
and guide many through the storm
far above your duties
at Owl's Point.
Well done.
- What about Auggie?
- Your sons story is
not yet complete.
There are many
chapters yet to come.
I can't tell you the ending,
that would be a spoiler.
- I wouldn't mind.
- Well, what I can tell you
is that the fire you helped
to kindle in Auggie's life
will continue to burn.
Your work is done.
- That's what worries me.
[bell ringing]
- No worries here.
Auggie is in good hands.
Now, how would you like
to take a little tour?
- Sure.
- [Author] Michael here
will show you the ropes.
- [Keeper] Mike!
- Good to see you Keeper.
- Is he dead too?
- Well, I, sort of work here.
Come on, I've got a
lot to show you.
- This place is full
of surprises.
- [Mike] You have no idea.
- Wait, wait.
Thank you.
- I'll see you at dinner.
And
try the lasagna.
- Oh, this really is heaven.
Come on, what are we
waiting for?
- I sent them.
An opening night ticket
for each and every city.
- I always wondered
why there was
an empty seat third row center.
- He was very proud
of you August.
He loved you like a--
- A son?
Did you love me like a son too,
Mom?
- I was 17 and alone.
I knew you were in good hands.
After all, he was the 5th
generation of Keepers,
and he needed a noble heir.
- I was a disappointment to him.
- No August, you gave
him purpose.
The light he cared about
was never this old thing.
It was you.
- And the Word.
I sort of turned that switch off
after I left here.
- He thought we might...
After a lot of
trouble he found me.
He told me you had gone
off to follow your dream.
And he thought it might
be a good time
for me to reenter your life.
I didn't know how.
But I thought you might
need a manager.
I sat through 12 of your
performances in four cities
before I got up the nerve
to pitch to you.
- At least I know where
I got my acting chops.
- I can't tell you how many
times I wanted to tell you.
- The truth?
Why didn't you?
- I didn't wanna lose you.
I figured at least as
your manager
I could be a part of your life.
Am I fired?
- Yes.
You're fired.
As my manager,
but not as my Mother.
I've let too much come
between me and family.
But not anymore.
- Can I have you as a reference?
I think there's someone else
that might like to have a
word with you.
[bell ringing]
- [August] I know one
thing's for sure.
- What's that?
- I will never again
think of Owl's Point
as a remote, out of the
way, hole in the wall,
where nothing exciting
ever happens.
- Told ya so.
- You did.
You told me a lot.
- Sorry, I can be sort
of opinionated.
- That's a good thing.
- Not every time.
- Mandy, thank you.
You never gave up on Keeper.
Or me.
- Well, I've learned that
just because two people
can't talk to each other
doesn't mean they can't
still listen to each other.
Besides, it was good
training for me.
- Training?
- I think I'm gonna have
another wanderer on my hands
in the not too distant future.
- With your love, she'll
always find her way home.
- That's my part.
So, what's next for August Star?
- About that.
I've never been so uncertain.
- I bet for a control
freak that's kind of scary.
- Real scary.
- Well,
I've learned that whenever
I'm the most uncertain,
the answer is usually
right around the corner.
- That's what you found?
- Yeah.
- Well, I guess I
should get going.
- I guess.
- Mandy, could you do me a favor
and thank Mike for me?
I know how much he
meant to Keeper.
- Mike?
- Mike, Keeper's
caregiver at Owl's Nest.
- Auggie, we don't have a
Mike on staff.
But I mean, I can always
check one of the volunteers--
- Nevermind.
You know actors, sometimes
we have trouble
separating fantasy from reality.
You're real aren't you?
- Last I checked.
- Well,
I guess this is goodbye.
- Goodbye August Star.
May your next chapter
be your best chapter.
- Just around the corner.
[slow paced music]
- Auggie.
I'll keep the light on for you.
- To?
[gentle music]
[light instrumental music]
♪ From before time began
♪ By your design and hand
♪ The author of life
♪ Gave breath to me
♪ Formed in the secret place
♪ You smiled upon my face
♪ Called me Your child
♪ What a mystery
♪ And it's all because
♪ Of grace
♪ You made a place for me
♪ You opened up my eyes to see
♪ The wonders of my
Father's love ♪
♪ And from eternity
♪ He puts me in a family
♪ With all the saints
♪ Bought by the Savior's blood
♪ You made a place for me
♪ Facing this world alone
♪ When darkness was
all I've known ♪
♪ You were my hope
♪ In the dead of night
♪ Strength of a Father's love
♪ Warmth of a Mother's touch
♪ Foreshadows the love
♪ And joy of Christ
♪ Jesus Your arms are
opened wide ♪
♪ You made a place for me
♪ You opened up my eyes to see
♪ The wonders of my
Father's love ♪
♪ And from eternity
♪ You placed me in a family
♪ With all the saints
♪ Bought by the Savior's love
♪ You made a place for me
♪ Oh Lord forgive us
♪ Jesus restore us
♪ Call us Your children
♪ Once again
♪ Oh Lord forgive us
♪ Jesus restore us
♪ Call us Your
children once again ♪
♪ As you renew us
♪ Give us Your boldness
♪ So that the lonely
♪ Will find rejoicing
♪ Built on the rock of
Christ alone ♪
♪ You made a place for me
♪ Opened up my eyes to see
♪ The wonders of my
Father's love ♪
♪ And from eternity
♪ We are all your family
♪ With all the saints
♪ Bought by the Savior's blood
♪ We are sons and daughters
♪ Of our God
♪ You made a place for me
♪ Yeah
♪ A place for me